So we thank you so much for joining us.
Who would be interested in one of udemy top instructors I think up with Michael here to design you this
guimpe course.
My job is a behind the scenes role to make sure that the learning journey makes sense and is just right
for a complete beginner like me frankly.
And I've teamed up with an expert who is going to be I'm going to be your main instructor on this course
I've been doing art for many many years now and I really enjoy it.
And one of the best things is seeing anybody doing art and especially like Ben here.
If you start from absolutely nothing it's amazing the transformation that you guys can actually achieve.
We really love to see that nagging.
It's not a poor man's second choice to Photoshop.
It is a community driven project.
It's open source but it's completely free.
There's no ongoing costs you and there's a lot of extensions and add ons available out there.
So once you get over the initial hump of getting familiar with it and getting to know how to use it.
Superpowerful tools a good choice.
Investing your time in learning gimp So Mikey what's next.
Well transformation that you're going to achieve is wonderful but what we want is you to share that
transformation with us.
We highly recommend that as you're taking this course you do develop your skills.
You actually share the work that you do with us and the community is wonderful to see you guys have
progressed through the course and we really find what you get out of the course is related to what you
put in effort that extra effort.
So if you've got questions about questions if you want to know how to ask questions how to get help.
There's a video towards the end of the section that tells you all about that.
Just get cracking get started.
First would be our best suggestion.
Yes.
And finally for those out there.
These are becoming more and more common.
High resolution screens for K screens and above you may have to tweak gimp settings to make it readable.
So again at the end of this section we've made sure that you guys are covered as well there with a special
lecture on high resolution screens and that applies made them to pieces right.
Yes Windows is not very good with high resolutions so there's elektra at the end of this section if
you need that.
If you find your own face book funny check it out there and dive in during Michael and I enjoy the course.
Yes.
So you on that.